Do we have a future in Daily Korea?
Not sure
It depends on what you write. doesn't it?
You lose if you don't play
Rock. paper. scissors!
Awesome!
Greenie sticks to rock on his first day?
It's my debut day.
so extra enthusiasm helps
Greenie at your service!
He's here!
MP Go!
With today's summit going on
why suddenly show up
at the Prosecutor's Office?
Not suddenly!
Do you have anything
to say to the citizens?
Do you admit the report?
Is there anything you would like to say?
Do you want to die? Follow them!
I said follow them!
MP Go!
Do you admit your illegal solicitation
for the recruitment of Geumon Company?
[HUSH]
[hush: Shush. be quiet "Don't cry"]
[Daily Korea Intern Reporter Interview
- Regular Reporter Conversion Type]
Your application slip
You were so sudden
Sorry
First interview after graduation?
What?
Yeah And you?
It's my last
Those doors are extra stiff for me
[Daily Korea]
Thank you for coming here
My last question
What do you think is a reporter?
What?
What is your definition of a reporter?
That is
The last bastion for the citizens
[Special Recruitment - Final Interview]
How romantic
Isn't that for the legal domain?
Prosecutors and lawyers
Of course it is
But we see too often a situation
where law loses its power
in front of political power and money
Press and reporters
must speak for the citizens
without giving in to any pressure
Do you have a motto in your life?
My motto?
My motto is that the pen
is mightier than a gun.
but "BAP" is mightier than "PEN"
"BAP"?
Yes
My father used to say it all
the time when he was alive
He said that every work is for "BAP"
Work doesn't mean a thing
if you can't feed your family
I didn't realize when I was little
but after I started job hunting
now I get what he meant
So you want to be a
reporter to feed yourself?
Yes
Honestly.
I applied to become a regular reporter
Reporters are paid workers too
But they can't lie. right?
"BAP" is the most important thing
I can't lie if I want to be a reporter
My definition of a reporter is
a job where I get paid
without having to lie
[Episode 1 - "BAP" is mightier than "PEN"]
Mom
I got in!
I told you
Wet your hands so rice can't stick to them
No. I got the internship!
Internship? Really?
Are those guys crazy? Why me?
It's me who's crazy
If you went to med school.
you would be a resident by now
Stop mentioning med school!
It still hurts me
So where's the internship?
Huh?
It's
[Daily Korea]
[Window to the Truth. Daily Korea]
[Intern Reporter - Lee Ji Soo]
Good morning!
We are
I'm Oh Soo Yeon. a new intern
How many copies do you need?
I'll carry it
Where do you want it?
There
Hi. could I help you with anything?
It's okay
In the age of silent truth and noisy deceit
[Daily Korea]
Journalists dig the truth for justice
with steadfast professionalism
Put that over here and
But that is your sweet illusion
Daily Korea. press for all citizens
with 65 years of tradition and trust
But unfortunately
there are no such people in Daily Korea
I got you
I got you. little sneak
We are in the office
Become a professional gamer
What the?
Lee Jae Eun. where have you been all day?
I just visited the Industry Desk
Industry Desk is not a treasure island
What have you ripped off?
It's not that
It's from the company that I handled
I don't care Jo Dong Wook
Yes
What level are you now?
I'm at the top
Douchebag
He said he got no time
when I asked for help
This Desk is going into the
trash if no one does any work
Manager Kim.
aren't you going to set them straight?
I will correct things
You are not a correction tape
Jo Dong Wook!
Yes
Top level until tomorrow
[ID: Best Newspaper]
[PW: Daily Korea]
People are talking behind the Chief's
back because of the regular personnel
Personnel is everything.
and it is now being wrecked
Personnel of the century
- reshuffle or rebuttal?
Funny. right? I'm good at it
But we are not good at anything
What are we?
Digital News Desk.
Daily Korea's official exile place
Right What do you do when you are in exile?
[Refresh]
Start your day fresh
with the refresh button
Spend the day with vigorous copy & paste
[Copy & Paste]
Choose a story not covered by Daily Korea
Cut and paste articles with high traffic
[Like / Heartwarming / Sad /
Angry / Need Follow-ups]
Harsh self-reflection
with comments and likes
And lay low until the king wants you back
They are nagging us for the low traffic
[Traffic: number of clicks]
Chief will slaughter us
first if his pride is scratched
So be extra cheerful when
Chief does his toast later
Yes
Manager Kim. mind the bomb
Okay
Let's go
Wait
Where has Han Jun Hyuk gone?
Okay. it didn't get hit
Detective Kim. 0 points
Let's see
Today's angle is not working out for me
It's not working out?
Then why not read this closely?
We are ready to crash this case
No news from the victim
since the initial report
With your eye-catching story
Seriously
I'm here to avoid the office dinner
Enough talking about the story
Please read closely
This kingpin ripped off 10-fold interest
by loaning to destitute youngsters
Illegal loans and self-saving loans
[Illegal Loan Damage List]
FSC did a full exorcism
and they disappeared
from the portals websites
Did they really?
They're still mentioned in social media
That's it!
One more point for me
The angle is still not working out
Look
Word "still" means the same as before
Thus not new and cannot be a news
Not a good idea to give a faded story
to a trash reporter with terrible writing
Don't you really understand what I mean?
Why wouldn't I?
First thing I do in the morning is
to search your name on the web
I'm useless. thus nameless
Are you not going to write
any story until you die?
Story?
I don't write them. real reporters do
Stop sucking It's empty
You used to suck me empty for stories too
Darn it!
You are a copper. not a jabber
Okay. I get it
Wise decision
Hold some pens. not cue sticks
For justice in society
Okay. but
I need a favor
What is it?
[No masse shots under 300 points]
Really?
What do I do?
Where are you going?
What now?
Darn it
Shake it. shake it
Help yourself
I bought a patch of land
and a road has been built next to it
Where?
Ilsan
It's almost time
You!
Now you are Desk Editor Jang. right?
Youngest Daily Korea's
Political Desk Editor
Don't be so modest
I'm not modest about it
Drink up
Okay
You should attend office dinners
Where have you been?
Hung some fishing rods. looking for fish
What are the Desk Editors doing here?
Chief's coming
He's not Trump or Xi Jinping
What a parade
Bro. made an early start?
[Jung Sae Jun - Political
Desk Deputy Editor]
Political Desk Deputy Editor. Jung Sae Jun
He is an analogue reporter
For him. morning paper
smells like freshly baked bread
I never did illegal solicitation
[Prosecutor-turned-MP
pull punches in government inspection]
[Daily Korea's
Jung Sae Jun. Political Desk reporter]
He is a veteran political reporter
But office politics is
giving him a hard time
[Jung Sae Jun - Deputy Editor]
[Digital News Desk Deputy Editor]
He failed to get promoted again
He always served as a field reporter.
but he was dispatched to Digital News Desk.
the official exile place of Daily Korea
You are allowed to be sullen
Bro. be sullen
What a butt-wipe
Hurrying to wipe some butt
Why the heck?
What do you think?
He must have thought he
would be the future Chief
And suddenly Jang Jae Kwon swept in
Congratulations
Thank you
Please go in
Let's go in
Digital News Desk Editor. Um Sung Han
Nickname: Cl-UM-sy
[Um Sung Han - Digital News Desk Editor]
He wasn't that clumsy
with his corporate life
It's good stuff
Thanks
He was broken by the personnel
because he was sure
that he was in Chief's favor
[Jang Jae Kwon - Political
Desk Deputy Editor]
[Political Desk Editor]
Chief trusts his regional and academic ties
Especially S University graduates
Thank you I'll do my best
Unlike Editor Jang who
graduated S University.
Editor Um does not have any ties
So
What do you think?
Editor Jung's pride got hurt.
not the Chief's
And we will get slaughtered
So tough
Hate her
Bro
What?
Slow down and drink some water
I'm sorry. Ki Ha
Sorry for what?
You might not be promoted because of me
I'm a piece of trash
Digital News Desk Manager. Kim Ki Ha
[Kim Ki Ha - Digital News
Desk Team Manager]
He is a torment-proof stone Buddha
He doesn't care about the
future of the Desk or the company
His only task is to survive the day
That's why his motto is
We get to have our job
Don't say that
Don't get up
Sit down and eat
Sit down
Chief. I will make you a cold somaek first
I'm leaving after saying just one thing
Drink at ease after I'm gone
Please. Chief
Everybody must have a lot
of grief about the personnel
You just got used to the
task and they shift you
It's okay to feel suffocated or displeased
But you are reporters
You can't dig one area
in a multi-dimensional age
Even if you change your Desk tomorrow.
you should be writing like a
pro with 10 years of experience
You are not journalists anymore
It's the age of generalists
I'm going to make somaek for each of you
It's been so long!
Living legend of somaek!
Gather up empty glasses
I'm emptying this
Chief Editor. Na Sung Won
It's impossible to describe
him with a couple of words
[Na Sung Won - Daily Korea's Chief Editor]
Our relationship is complicated
When he was younger.
he was an ace reporter of Daily Korea
During the day. he produced cutting stories
And at night. he was a mixing expert
He used to make mean explosive bomb shots
While the Chief was dubbed
the master of bomb shots.
why has Jung become a bomb himself?
I know life's harder than you think
You just want to quit everything
The notorious WTF toast again
No way That artifact?
Why don't we do a toast in WTF?
Work. Trust. and Forgive
I'll say the alphabet
But I can't forgive. can I?
Editor Jung! What are you doing?
You say we should be generalists.
not journalists
But I am too messy to be that
I am a no-good mess
Jung Sae Jun!
Why? Buttwipe. cl-UM-sy!
You!
Stay put
He is broken from the personnel
No. not that
Thank you Chief.
for generously transferring me
At least you didn't make a
greenie junior as my boss
Our chief. master of bomb shot
And master of bomb disposal
Sit
I'm fine
Gosh
I would very much like to stay.
but I'm busy
I have work tomorrow
What's my Desk called?
Digital
Drudge News Desk!
What an appropriate name
Work. Trust. and Forgive without me
WTF!
Just go
Let's go. bro
Editor Um. you don't set them straight?
He came to my Desk yesterday
People call us reporters
But it's just like any other company
Hello
Ki Ha put him here and took off
Why didn't you call a cab?
He is like a wet log. stuck to the ground
You haven't met Kyeong Woo Say hi
Nice to meet you Exclusive!
I'm the best Kyeong Woo in Korea!
Junior reporter in Society Desk.
Choi Kyeong Woo
At your service
What a spirit Nice to meet you
I'm Han Jun Hyuk from Digital News Desk
Work's not easy. right?
I'm doing fine Editor Yang
No. Captain Yang guides me
so I've been thriving
like the sky's the limit
No one guided you
Society Desk Deputy Editor.
Yang Yoon Kyeong
[Yang Yoon Kyeong
- Society Desk Deputy Editor]
She's my mentor from my junior years
Useless
Follow them!
She is Daily Korea's first
female reporter for Seoul Police
So still prefers to be called "Captain"
I'm from Daily Korea!
What do I do with him?
Sorry. Captain
I got a splinter in my butt
Unlike Manager Kim.
she is a rebel to her boss
I'm going to quit!
And devil to her subordinates
You can't like her or hate her completely
She never failed to meet a deadline
while raising 2 kids alone
She is one of the few real
reporters left in Daily Korea
But
That filthy mouth never changes
Shut up. I'm eating
You. go home
Send me the draft by 2:00
Okay
I will see you tomorrow
all improved and refreshed
Exclusive!
Good night!
Exclusive! Exclusive! Exclusive!
Man
This is not the Marine Corps
Stop hazing him Don't you feel bad?
I feel so bad
I'm helping him realize
his situation and quit
He'll either give up on his own.
or compromise and stay
They are so different than us
"BAP" is mightier than "PEN"
That was one of the intern's motto
Whoa!
Smart
Despite my hazing. no one bats an eye
They stick to their job for their life
You saw Kyeong Woo saluting "Exclusive"
He actually got one
Exclusive?
[MP Go Soo Do's illegal solicitation list
for the recruitment of Geumon Company]
Geumon Company where all of
the new recruits are illegally solicited?
They had a priority hire for the locals
after building an industrial complex
MP Go was born and bred in Geumon
And it's his third term
Wow. this guy
There really was a
solicitation list for MP Go
I can't imagine how the disqualified
would feel when they see this
So his junior label will soon
be off with such a big exclusive
Of course
So unlike that old junior I once had
Who?
Right. that guy
You. stupid Junior!
All you have done is poop and get old?
Did I really say that?
That poor guy got called
stupid 300 times a day
You got a promising junior Teach him well
Who said promising?
I can't even guarantee he would stay
Do you admit your illegal solicitation
for the recruitment of Geumon Company?
MP Go!
Do you realize there is a
personal solicit list for you?
You're from Daily Korea. right?
Great job you're doing
Don't skip your meal even if you're busy
You'll hurt yourself
What?
Okay
That innocent kid just smiled
How could he know that's
a warning for him to stop
if he wants to keep his job?
I don't know what to say to him
Push ahead or tactfully lay down
Guess my days are over too
Goodness
What got you down today?
You've seen that spectacle before
I know
But I don't want to see them anymore
Might just quit
What? You've made it this far
No way My superiors endured me
If I was a dude.
I would have been long gone
I was on TV for being the
first female Daily Korea reporter
for the Seoul Police and future's
first female City Desk Editor
They couldn't just fire me
If you know that. hold on with your life
Work. Trust. and Forgive! WTF!
Sae Jun is actually the most
obedient one in the whole press
That stupid Chief
Chief. my butt
He will survive for 3 years
only eating off his jerkiness
I will really do my best starting tomorrow
Bro. you really love the Chief
Get up. let's go home
Am I home?
No
I'll call a cab and come back
Don't. I'm going home too
The newspaper
Your priority is the newspaper?
Hi sweetie. finished your lessons?
Yeah Mom's going home now
So Digital News Desk is
their final training place?
Yes
Did you have good experience at
City Desk and International Desk?
Yes
Oh Soo Yeon.
you have a lot of internship experience
Yes. I wanted to have as
many experiences as possible
Right Experience is the best qualification
You all dream of being a reporter?
Yes
My dream is all of you being hired
as regular reporters of Daily Korea
Could you make my dream come true?
Yes
He didn't mean it
Why?
There must be a fixed number
They can't hire all 4 of us
I guess that's true
Really?
Do you really think the Chief exaggerated?
That's what Editors do
It's not decided. so don't worry for now
Of course
Did you hear about our
trainer in Digital News Desk?
No Who is it?
I don't know the first
name It's reporter Han
Reporter Han Jun Hyuk
A living legend since his junior years
Han Jun Hyuk?
What's so special about him?
Morning. guys
This platform is
It's the most important one
There are fewer readers
Are there any issues?
Nothing much
Is it going to rain?
I have to bring in the laundry
You just got here It's not going to rain
What on earth are you doing?
What do you think a fisher's job is?
Sit tight and wait for
the fish to be hooked
You also need to put fresh bait
Sitting and doing nothing
won't bring any fish
I'm going to put some new bait
And bring in some laundry
Sit down
Why? What's going on?
Intern training assessment
Chief's orders
[Intern Profiles]
Intern training?
Me?
Let's see
Hot Americano for me
Choose whatever you want
I'll go
It's okay
Company's paying for it.
so don't mind the price
Okay
We'll come here often
Easy to eat when you're busy
Right
Thank you
Food's here
Looks delicious
Hot Americano for you
Thank you
Help yourself
It's good
Let's see
Hong Kyu Tae
Yes
Studied abroad
2 MAs in your 20s?
Is that possible?
In the US. you can
But it wouldn't have been easy Great job
Kang Ju An
Yes
Had a personal channel on NewTube?
For a short while. so not many subscribers
Yeah. you're right
You got more awards than
the number of subscribers
You're Lee Ji Soo
"BAP" is mightier than "PEN"
Sorry
What are you sorry for? You're right
Reporters are paid workers too
The problem is that the
interviewers don't like it
It's a problem?
You were accepted at
your first try with that speech
What's the secret?
Rich family?
Know someone important?
Give it up for her
Oh Soo Yeon You're
Unfortunately. I'm the oldest
Don't be embarrassed about your age
I'm older than most of my seniors
I was doing something else before this
Really?
Yeah Age doesn't matter
The problem is her academic background
Age is only a number.
but academic background is not
Unfortunately.
she will never open that last door
Even if she does
I hope all of your dreams come true
I'm Han Jun Hyuk from Digital News Desk
Applause!
Here / Thank you
It's been 5 years since the
incident with Jun Hyuk. right?
6 years
Really?
That's enough for him to forget
and return to his original self
Jun Hyuk is disobedient but he writes well
He was a good reporter back then
You're right
He was
Good reporters don't let go of their pen
You can't take it away
Nowadays I hear he
doesn't write useless stories
Instead.
he sits tight and fishes his time away
Yes. usually
Sometimes he gets sassy. though
That's the beauty of company life
Sassy ones are good workers
Why would I keep that loony. Jung Sae Jun?
Because he is cost-effective
Yes. he is
There is going to be some
changes in Digital News Desk
Changes?
The changes that you mentioned before?
Yes. it's going according to plan
Nothing to worry about. except
One thing's bothering me
You
When I think I'm actually
working for a newspaper.
I suddenly feel heavy responsibility
Responsibility?
When you get to be a regular reporter.
you will be living in the
police station for days
with no shower or sleep
Would you feel the same then?
What?
There will only be criticism from your boss
You'll be desperate for your mom's cooking
You mean "BAP"
Digital News Desk was
my most anticipated training
because the future of the media
market depends on the online domain
What?
Media market? Sorry
Do you know what we do here?
Yes
You edit the online
edition of the newspaper
Yeah. but it varies in different newspapers
Daily Korea has its
own online editorial office
Here. we just
It's the most important Desk
It produces briefs for high traffic
Most eye-catching and provocative ones
Abroad guy
You guys can teach yourselves!
You. guys. are. smart
[Issues are not found. but made]
[BangBang Boys seize first
place for 10 weeks straight]
With this title. you're never going home
Let's begin
[Shocking! BangBang Boys caught DRINKING!]
That's too much
[BBS DRINKS the love of fans!]
Indeed a master Clickbait master
Legendary trash reporter
Bravo!
[Shocking! Baek Papa's ADDICTION!]
[Baek Papa's ADDICTIVE
sugary recipe makes sugar sales skyrocket!]
Bravo!
Han Jun Hyuk
Daily Korea's official clickbait master
[Han Jun Hyuk - Digital News Desk]
People call me a trash reporter
This is how I live my life
[Daily Korea]
Nothing to eat
I have a personal question
[Oh Soo Yeon]
Are you free for dinner tonight?
Gosh!
Why are you so startled?
Up to something?
No. you didn't startle me
Let's go eat
[Braised Spicy Chicken]
Awesome
You know what?
You did the training for the
interns at City Desk. right?
Interns?
Yeah. I'm already busy with the junior
and they gave me the interns
Oh Soo Yeon. how's she like?
Oh Soo Yeon?
Ah. Oh Soo Yeon
She's a gem
She has the longest experience of all
She is extremely determined
She must be desperate
Finally got a chance to
become a regular reporter
But we are going to make
them copy & past online articles
Something's kooky about you
Are you making her your junior?
No I'm the chosen victim at our Desk
Editor Um said Chief picked me himself
Han Jun Hyuk. what an ambitious guy
Choosing a junior to tutor
and smoothing his way
to promotion like this
Shut up
How about the one who talked about "BAP"?
Lee Ji Soo? She is
Lee Ji Soo
Sir.
please stop mentioning "BAP" in front of me
She wants me to stop talking about "BAP"
What?
You're not a hobo
We have a break room
I just
I know
It's so easy for you
I didn't have time to eat as an intern
Now you have plenty of time. food
and lots of complaints
When you're done.
open the windows and get some air in
Yes
Okay
[Sir. please stop mentioning
"BAP" in front of me]
If you want to make fun of me.
buy a meal first
Had lunch?
This
New shoes?
A while ago. but I've been saving it
How is it?
So pretty Looks good on you
Look at this
What is it?
It's beautiful
What's it called? Just some wildflower?
It must have been hard to bloom up here
Name it something nice
How about Soo-soo flower?
Because it's soo pretty?
No
It's after our names Ji Soo and Soo Yeon
We found it
Soo-soo flower I like it
Right?
It's higher than I thought
Yeah. it is
Soo-soo flower. you are pretty awesome
Let's water it
I'll do it too
What a tough flower
Yeah
It looks like you
True
It's really pretty
It is
Cheers
Good
I'm not bothering you. am I?
A trash reporter like me is never busy
Don't say that
The situation is not the best right now
Actually. I've been a fan of your blog
Blog?
That embarrassing thing?
Please forget that
No. I decided to be a reporter
after reading your junior diary
I sinned big time
No. you didn't
You said you were doing
some other thing before this?
Yeah
Don't laugh
Okay
I majored in law
So I tried the bar exam for a few years
Didn't know my place
Right
That's what you wanted to ask?
No. not that
Sir
You know I graduated from
a university outside Seoul
What?
Yeah
I want to know if there are any
reporters like me in Daily Korea
Well
We don't really ask each other about that
Honestly
Not that I know of
Okay
This place is the same
I try my best
But that last door just won't open
Sorry. I didn't mean to complain
No. fine with me
If it helps get the burden off your chest.
then complaints and gossip are all welcome
But you know what happens next
Sorry
This is my last chance
I've only been chasing one dream
I don't know what
I'll do if I fail this time
What do I do with my student loans?
It's me who didn't know my place
So sorry I didn't mean to be like this
Hey
This is off the record
Editor Yang at City Desk and
I both think you are the best
Among all interns
Really?
Yeah
I don't know about other Desks
but they would think the same
Soo Yeon
Do your best until the last moment
You will get rewarded
Yes. sir
Thank you so much
Thank you
It's nothing
My words don't guarantee your position
I know
But I am thankful to be recognized
by a reporter that I look up to
I want to be your junior if I can
Cheers!
Cheers
It's good
One spicy chicken
To go. please
What? To go?
Okay
You want to learn from me?
Yes
Then behave
Okay
What do you want to learn?
I don't know yet
I'll do my best
Thank you for the drinks and kind words
I'll treat you something better next time
I know all the decent restaurants in town
Hey. Soo Yeon
Just
Nothing
Don't lose your spirit
I'll keep that in mind
See you
Don't lose your spirit?
[Daily Korea]
Had a date?
What? No
What a shame
Go out. for god's sake
You can't die alone
Single women can cope
But single men just become gross
[2019]
[2013]
How could you do this?
Let go
Answer me
What did you receive?
Let go first
Let go!
["Exclusive" Producer Lee
Yong Min accused of taking bribe]
It's the CEO who wanted this
Do you not know who Yong Min is?
Why fake news?
Fake news?
The government is pressuring the CEO!
You know the CEO of MBS
is chosen by the President!
So what?
You can't do anything?
Are you not ashamed?
He is innocent
And most of all. one of our family
Hey
After a few other incidents.
it will be soon forgotten
It's not even a problem
No one will know if we shut up!
How's the training for the interns?
What? Yeah. it's nothing fancy
Let's have lunch sometime
[Daily Korea]
[Recruitment Corruption of Geumon Company]
Plan to beat MP Go without my permission?
No
It's unfinished
I planned to show it to you after it's done
[Personal Solicitation List of MP Go]
Prosecution investigation
might be already over
We can't rush it
Our subscriptions and
exclusives ranks are all struggling
Because of smug desking
Editor Yang!
[Desking: The process how Editors
trim the story for reporters]
You are not a Desk Editor
Our reliability is already low
We need some presence
to keep the advertisers
Only our name. Daily Korea.
is keeping us together
Okay. go wait
You can't go to the 15th floor
through the emergency exit
What?
You can reach there
only through the elevator
Of course.
you need a key card to push the button
He went up to report.
not to sack your story
So just wait
It was unfinished Guess it's obvious
How he did he find out?
Hey
You finished the story. right?
What?
The source must be a
close friend of your junior
You are worried if the source is faulty
It might hurt the junior
Stupid
You are the only one who understands me
Who do you think made me?
You sir. are my certificate of origin
Sir?
That's an old story
My spirit's all gone
No way
You are the only reporter who cares
Reporter?
No one's a real reporter here
Everyone's stuck here for the money
[Field Note]
Not there yet
No way
Here
That looks much better
A couple of games over
it and it's as good as new
No one will know if we shut up
Time is the remedy. and silence is gold
After a few other incidents
it will be soon forgotten
It's not even a problem
No one will know if we shut up!
[No masse shots under 300 points]
Wrongdoings and scars are erased in reality
[2019]
It was my fault. sorry
[2013]
What do you mean?
I know it's not your fault
[Right for the Workers]
And I understand Editor Na
How are you holding up?
I'm okay
We need to feed our family Let's eat
You've helped me so much
and I haven't treated you once
Go home. brother
No
I'm used to being slandered
I'm the only one who's holding up the Union
But your family is worried about you
Okay. don't worry about me and eat up
It's better when it's hot
Show some respect for the cook
[MBS Union gets lost after
producer Lee Yong Min's bribery charges]
[He was after more money]
[Rightful firing Lock him up]
Hang yourself
Daily Korea's Han Jun Hyuk.
City Desk reporter
Can't climb up to the top?
Don't take even one step
Please open the door
Open it!
Open the door!
Not courageous enough to see the end?
Don't dare to reach out
Dad
I'm hungry
Sorry. darling
Daddy can't bring you chicken tonight
[Loving wife]
Teardrops trickle down
But the spoon needs to go up
[HUSH]
[Although I'm officially
known to all in Korea Daily]
as a next-level-useless-reporter...
- Speciality.
- Give false negatives. Like anyone cares.
[I used to be a decent
social affairs reporter too.]
I'm not sure about that.
- but give it your all and you might...
- I might?
[If a fact is unconfirmed. ]
reporters shouldn't simply report it.
[Is it good to let someone like her join?]
[This is Korea Daily. mind you.]
Shoot. Seriously.
[I won't allow such bad apple to
exist in my editorial department.]
[You're going to settle this.]